com/epam/esm/config/MyServletDispatcher.java
 com.epam.esm.config.MyServletDispatcher
com/epam/esm/dao/CertificateDao.java
 com.epam.esm.dao.CertificateDao
com/epam/esm/controller/MainTest.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.MainTest
com/epam/esm/service/TagService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.TagService
com/epam/esm/entity/GiftCertificate.java
 com.epam.esm.entity.GiftCertificate
com/epam/esm/entity/GiftCertificateDataTransferObject.java
 com.epam.esm.entity.GiftCertificateDataTransferObject
com/epam/esm/service/serviceImpl/CertificateServiceImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.serviceImpl.CertificateServiceImpl
com/epam/esm/entity/Tag.java
 com.epam.esm.entity.Tag
com/epam/esm/config/SpringConfig.java
 com.epam.esm.config.SpringConfig
com/epam/esm/service/entitydtomapper/TagMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entitydtomapper.TagMapper
com/epam/esm/service/entitydtomapper/CertificateMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entitydtomapper.CertificateMapper
com/epam/esm/dao/impl/CertificateDaoImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.dao.impl.CertificateDaoImpl
com/epam/esm/service/entitydtomapper/impl/CertificateMapperImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entitydtomapper.impl.CertificateMapperImpl
com/epam/esm/dao/mappers/CertificateMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.dao.mappers.CertificateMapper
com/epam/esm/dao/impl/TagDaoImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.dao.impl.TagDaoImpl
com/epam/esm/dao/TagDao.java
 com.epam.esm.dao.TagDao
com/epam/esm/entity/CertificateTagEntity.java
 com.epam.esm.entity.CertificateTagEntity
com/epam/esm/controller/GiftCertificatesController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.GiftCertificatesController
com/epam/esm/service/CertificateService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.CertificateService
com/epam/esm/service/entitydtomapper/impl/TagMapperImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entitydtomapper.impl.TagMapperImpl
com/epam/esm/dao/mappers/TagMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.dao.mappers.TagMapper
com/epam/esm/service/serviceImpl/TagServiceImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.serviceImpl.TagServiceImpl
com/epam/esm/controller/TagController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.TagController
